Describe malicious FP detection (#471)
aeternity/protocol: node/api/channels_api_usage.md

    "data": {
      "info": "can_slash",
      "tx": "tx_+NILAfiEuEBCNNHFxu/R+ypbtOCh7BrA+oFrAYYHzhZTR8BmTOgO2yYKd7lXwU7+xlfvD3Mu9dEeVp1T1aVuH8UPk/7wU9UMuECR/+7ZaF0OqeiRuRVkjsd2aEynOBmBk+tFETlA5H/jNIVB2A1RbKDe8yHGBWpUbWZzLnPXK+pl1Wkml094WxUAuEj4RjkCoQYfhMxkEg4U4IPqO0HIxeove0RQjLQ6xewjm9BZLWhckwKgKhvZeiagtdVqx9aMKxKhw8+hK5cMrAWcpuiI9OVBfAcDKgN0",

>       "type": "channel_close_solo_tx"

Reviewer: is this a seperate fix?

Author: this was a bug in the docs :)

Every once and a while a participant might feel the urge to post the latest
channel off-chain state on-chain. That would protect them from malicious
actions from the other party, namely unilaterally closing the channel with an
older state. Another use case would be disputing an on-chain
`channel_force_progress_tx` that is based on an older state. This can be
prevented by posting a `channel_snapshot_solo_tx` transaction on-chain
containing the latest co-authenticated off-chain state - this guarantees that

> an older state can not make it on-chain or with the case of forced progress -

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
an older state can not make it on-chain or, in the case of forced progress,
```

it will be replaced.

It is worth mentioning that if the latest off-chain state is already present
on-chain, the snapshot transaction would not provide any new information
on-chain, so it would fail to be included in the blockchain.

If the channel is not yet closing and a malicious `channel_force_progress_tx`

> transaction is included on-chain - the client gets notified. The malicious

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
transaction is included on-chain, the client gets notified. The malicious
```

> forced progress transaction would be one being based upon not on the latest

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
forced progress transaction would be one based upon an off-chain state
older than the latest one.
```

> off-chain state but on an older one. The specifies that a snapshot could

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The report declares that a snapshot could dispute the malicious on-chain transaction.
```
